 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: <module>
binarytree.py(1): class Node:
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: Node
binarytree.py(1): class Node:
binarytree.py(2):     def __init__(self, key):
binarytree.py(8): def height(root):
binarytree.py(25): def main():
binarytree.py(38): if __name__ == '__main__': main()
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: main
binarytree.py(26):     root = Node(1)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: __init__
binarytree.py(3):         self.data = key
binarytree.py(4):         self.left = None
binarytree.py(5):         self.right = None
binarytree.py(27):     root.left = Node(5)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: __init__
binarytree.py(3):         self.data = key
binarytree.py(4):         self.left = None
binarytree.py(5):         self.right = None
binarytree.py(31):     root.right = Node(3)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: __init__
binarytree.py(3):         self.data = key
binarytree.py(4):         self.left = None
binarytree.py(5):         self.right = None
binarytree.py(34):     h = height(root)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(12):         lheight = height(root.left)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(12):         lheight = height(root.left)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(10):         return 0
binarytree.py(13):         rheight = height(root.right)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(10):         return 0
binarytree.py(15):         if lheight > rheight:
binarytree.py(18):             return rheight + 1
binarytree.py(13):         rheight = height(root.right)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(12):         lheight = height(root.left)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(10):         return 0
binarytree.py(13):         rheight = height(root.right)
 --- modulename: binarytree, funcname: height
binarytree.py(9):     if root == None:
binarytree.py(10):         return 0
binarytree.py(15):         if lheight > rheight:
binarytree.py(18):             return rheight + 1
binarytree.py(15):         if lheight > rheight:
binarytree.py(18):             return rheight + 1
binarytree.py(35):     print("height  = %s" % h)
height  = 2
 --- modulename: trace, funcname: _unsettrace
trace.py(77):         sys.settrace(None)
